Use this README file to introduce your application and point to useful places in the API for learning more.
Run "rake doc:app" to generate API documentation for your models, controllers, helpers, and libraries.

This app was created as an exercise. The following requirements where given:
"E-Commerce Store
        Our online store contains multiple products where many customers can shop concurrently.  Storekeepers have unlimited supply of products.
		Products have a name, description, category, wholesale cost, and retail price
		Storekeepers can add products
        Storekeepers can update product information
        Storekeepers can remove products that have not been previously sold
        Storekeepers can view a list of customer orders
        Storekeepers can view the details of one order
        Customers can browse the products by category
        Customers can search for products
        Customers fill a shopping cart
        Customers empty a shopping cart
        Customers checkout
        Customers can view their order history"



To check out the different functions of the app:
	STOREKEEPER adding products:
	Go to the root ("/")
	Make sure in the top left it says "You are currently acting as a Storekeeper". If it says your acting as Customer instead just click on the "Click here to switch Roles" link.
	Click on the "Categories" nav item (goes to '/product_categories')
	Click on "New Product Category"
	Make up a category name and click save
	Repeat a few times so you have a few categories

	Click on the "Products" nav item
	Click on the "Add New" link
	
	Enter some information select a category and click the "Save" button
	Repeat a few times selecting different categories

	Storekeeper can also Edit and Delete Products and Categories


	CUSTOMER:
	Go to the root ("/")
	Make sure in the top left it says "You are currently acting as a Customer". If it says your acting as Storekeeper instead just click on the "Click here to switch Roles" link.
	Enter some text in the search box that appears in the Name or Description of one of the products and click "Go"
	You should then see just the products whose name or description contains the text you entered
	Click on the "Clear" button
	You should now see all of the products again
	Click on the "Categories" nav item
	you should see a list of the categories you entered as a Storekeeper
	Click on the "Products" link next to one of the categrories you added products to
	You should see the list of products belonging to that category
	Click on one of the "Add to Cart" links
	You should be directed to Your Shopping Cart, which should display the product you just added
	Click the "Empty Shopping Cart" link
	It should direct you back to the Products page with a message indicating that your Shopping Cart has been emptied!
	Click on one of the "Add to Cart" links again
	Click the "Place Order" button
	At this point if you haven't yet entered your customer information you will be asked to do so
	Enter customer info and click the "Create" button
	It should display your order and that Your order has been submitted
	Click on the Order History nav item
	It should show your order and the date/time it was submitted
	Click on the Shopping Cart nav item and your cart should be empty and the "Place Order" button should be disabled

	STOREKEEPER:
	Go to the root ("/")
	Make sure in the top left it says "You are currently acting as a Storekeeper". If it says your acting as Customer instead just click on the "Click here to switch Roles" link.
	Click on the "All Orders" nav item
	You should see all of the orders that have been made
	If you click on the Order # link at the top left of any order you should see that order's details















